Fix loading non-python files in external rules (#922)
MarketSquare/robotframework-robocop: docs/releasenotes/5.0.0.rst

I0908 ``if-can-be-used`` was incorrectly enabled only for Robot Framework 4.*. It should now work for all >=4 versions.

External rules with non-Python files in the directory
-----------------------------------------------------

> Robocop should now be able to load external rules directory that contains non-Python files.

Reviewer: I would rephrase to:

```suggestion
Robocop no longer reports a problem when loading the external rules from a directory that also contains non-Python files.
```
